c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\bin\Debug\LoginWPF.exe.config
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\bin\Debug\LoginWPF.exe
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\bin\Debug\LoginWPF.pdb
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\View\Registration.g.cs
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\LoginWPF_Content.g.cs
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\LoginWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\LoginWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\View\Registration.baml
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\LoginWPF.g.resources
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\LoginWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\LoginWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\LoginWPF.exe
c:\users\eke\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\LoginWPF.pdb
C:\Users\EKE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\EKE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\LoginWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\EKE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\View\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\EKE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\View\Login.baml
C:\Users\EKE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\bin\Debug\LoginDB.mdf
C:\Users\EKE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\bin\Debug\LoginDB_log.ldf
C:\Users\EKE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\View\LogList.g.cs
C:\Users\EKE\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LoginWPF\LoginWPF\obj\Debug\View\LogList.baml
